Do it mf. 

30/60/90 day plan 

Older version... 

Chapter 10: Contract negotiation and pricing

Chapter 11: Sanity after the sale 

Chapter 18: crossing over to the dark side 

Chapter 19: organisational structure 

Chapter 21: building the infrastructure 

Chapter 22: hiring winner 

Final words: 
Be passionate (have a coffee before a meeting).  Keep work and personal lives in balance (past quarter perspective).  Consistently outperform expectations (hmm... he's writing for his subs).  Build and maintain relationships (be fair).  Set and achieve goals (a little religious).  Continually challenge yourself (loves comparison).  
With these critique in mind, respectfully engage with the author. 

Version four...

https://archive.org/details/masteringtechnic0000care/page/29/mode/1up

Chapter 1: What is a sales engineer? (yeah)

Chapter 2: An overview of the sales process 

Chapter 3: Lead qualification (refresher)

Chapter 4: The RFP Process (request for proposal - get one, then propose.  gathering requirements for customisation)

Chapter 5: Techincal discovery (never ending)

Chapter 6: Business Value Discovery 1: Pains and Gains (for high priced projects)

Chapter 7: Business Value Discovery 2: Time, Money and People (for high priced projects)

Chapter 8: The FABulous Sales Engineer (don't waste time, don't flirt, but keep these opinions to yourself, you big naughty boy)

Chapter 9: Successful Customer Engagement (yep)

Chapter 10: The Perfect Pitch: Structure 

Chapter 11: The Perfect Pitch: Delivery

Chapter 12: The Dash to Demo (skim)

Chapter 13: Building the Demo 

Chapter 14: Remote Demonstrations and Presentations (practice, practice, practice)

Chapter 15: Whiteboarding and Visual Selling (be confident, don't overdress)

Chapter 16: Storytelling (short and sweet)

Chapter 17: Evaluation Strategies (maybe give them a test run once extremely qualified and worth the 8 hours)

Chapter 18: Answering Questions (careful)

Chapter 19: The Trusted Advisor Sales Engineer (don't push shit, but do help, don't lie, never lie except if you are on the run)

Chapter 20: The Executive Connection 

Chapter 21: Doing the Math and Proving Business Value (if required) 

Chapter 22: The New SE: Getting Started (read)
  Quota:
    30 day
    90 day
    180 day 

Chapter 23: Creating your Personal Brand (don't do it - new are tupperware shit - be cool, behave, be nice)

Chapter 24: Selling with and through partners (hang on a minute)

Chapter 25: Competitive Tactics (wank)

Chapter 26: Using the CRM system (do)

Chapter 27: Compensation (read 6 months before engaging anyone else to do this shit)

Chapter 28: Moving into sales (probably not)

Chapter 29: Career progression (might be some analogies)

Chapter 30: Becoming and effective Subject Matter Expert (paint a target on my forehead)

Chapter 31: The Hiring and Interview Process (ask a mate who knows more than you, and read, 3 months before starting to hire anyone in this field)

Chapter 32: Time Management for the Sales Engineer (don't stop working, make it look easy, stay calm)

Chapter 33: Managing yourself by the metrics (get paid or give up)

Chapter 34: Start here, learn the blokes biases.  Make note.  Don't get weird about it all.  
