Business and partner details – Make sure you include the partnership start date and the purpose of your business.
  Start date: 2026-September-01
  Purpose: Build and maintain Tutable - administrative software for extra-curricular education providers in Australia. 

Ownership and contributions – How much will each partner contribute? What percentage of the business does each partner own?
  Ownerhip: Each partner owns 50% of the business. 
  Modify: Contributions: Each partner will contribute $300 initial capital and their ongoing efforts, as needed. 

Profit and loss sharing – How will you split profit and losses between partners? Is it proportional to their ownership share?
  Profit and loss sharing will be proprtional to share ownership.   

Roles and responsibilities – What does each partner do in the business?
  Intentionally left blank.

Intellectual property (IP) – Who owns any pre-existing IP? What about IP created during the partnership?
  Remove: All pre-existing intellectual property relating to Tutable is owned by the partnership. 
  Remove: All intellectual property created during the partnership is owned by the partnership. 
  Add: Any software, code, documentation, trademarks, customer lists, and intellectual property developed for the business will belong to the partnership.

Making decisions – Who can make decisions? What’s your process for joint decisions? Do you need unanimous agreement for major decisions? 
  The following decisions should have unanimous agreement: 
    Entering into contractual debt greater than $100. 
    Making a purchase greater than $100. 
    Withdrawing any capital from the company. 
    Hiring any employee. 
    Permitting an employee to do any of these. 
    Add: Selling any significant assets.

Dispute resolution – Outline the process to follow if partners have a major disagreement. Include what you’ll do if the process fails.
  
  Step one: decide a timeframe by when the matter should be settled. 
  Step two: clafiry the issue by defining and agreeing on the terms of reference. 
  Step three: jointly appoint an arbitor. 
  Step four: present the issue to the arbitor, seeking to find a resolution. 

  If arbitration fails, the matter should be settled by a court of law. 

Adding or removing partners – Include rules for admitting new partners and what happens if a partner leaves the business or dies.
  Adding: By unanimous agreement, a partner can be added.  
  Removing by choice: Provided no debts are outstanding, a partner can leave the partnership at any time.
  Removing by force: If a partner is imprisoned, they may be removed from the partnership. 
  Death: If a partner dies, their share is cancelled. 
  Add: Bankrupcy: If a partner becomes bankrupt, their share is cancelled. 
  Add: Permanent incapacity: If a partner becomes permanently incapacitated, their share is cancelled. 

Ending the partnership – When and how will you wind up the partnership? How will you divide up the remaining assets?
  Ending: 
    Last man standing: if only one partner remains, the partnership will be ended and remaining assets belong to the surviving partner.
    Mutual parting: if the partnership is disolved by mutual agreement, any remaining assets should be divided equally. 

