quote: $24k
due: 2026-Jul-15
approved: no

Quote for client (
  "Replace the attendance spreadsheet"
  Key concepts: Tutors, Groups, Sessions
  Present
)

Question for client (
)

Unscoped issues (
)

Internal Questions (
  (1) How do we present the main group to tutors? Do they know it as the "main" group?
    Main = Standard 

  (2) What's a typical scenario for adding an unregistered student to the group attendance record?
    Student hears about Chess Club and shows up, without having been registerd by their guardian. 
    We want to proactively collect their attendance - for both finance and compliance.  
    Their group membership should persist for the remainder of the program. 

    (a) Would it be a once-off?
      Covered.   
    (b) Or would the student be part of the attendance sheet for the remainder of the program? (The "attendee" model above accounts for this.)
      Covered. 

  (3) How do we determine the price to pay for unregistered students?
    Prefer the standard program price, but may apply an adjustment.

    (a) Is it about paying for the unregistered sessions they attended to date?
      With regard to payment, target is to collect the program fee.  Office will only follow up guardians with students with a pattern of attendance. 

    (b) I'm assuming it's out of scope to let them "upgrade" to fully enrolled? (We would need to know how many sessions remaining.)
      The ideal flow for the guardian would be to complete an enrolment, as if it were not yet paid for.  
      To enable an admin to apply an adjustment, and recalculate the total price, at this stage would be good.
      Perhaps either:
        an admin/adjustment view, where an admin can see a filtered list of enrolments with pending payments and apply adjustments to them, or
        when an admin is acting as a guardian, and looking at the guardian's dashboard, they can apply an adjustment to any pending enrolments there. 

  (4) What's the use case for a "null" attendance record (as opposed to absent or present)?
    The tutor failed to mark the record.  Handy if they can get an auto-smack.
)

Scope (
  "Replace the attendance spreadsheet"
  Tutors login 
  Tutors view groups they are assigned to in the present or upcoming term
  Tutors select a group and session and mark attendance for each student 
  A program has a main group
  Admin creates additional groups for a program (i.e. beginner, advanced)
  Admin moves students from the main group to another
  Admin assigns one or more tutors to a group
  Admin can produce a report on all student attendance (absent, present, null) for a given year and term 
  Tutors move students between groups which belong to the same program 
  Tutors can see student.medical-info on the roll 
  Before a tutor moves a student into a group which has no tutor, they should receive a warning which must be confirmed 
  Tutors can add an unregistered student from this school to their group attendance record - searching for them by name and seeing school-grade 
  Admin can report on students who are unregistered but are attending 
  The guardian of an unregistered student, who is on the attendance record, can upgrade from attendee to enrolled 
  As a Guardian, I can make an adjustment to my attendee student's program registration before making a payment.  
)

Out of scope (
  Tutor can add a student who does not already belong to a guardian - possible fix, a placeholder guardian 
  push pull for tutors who don't mark the roll 
  Location of groups
  Charging students for past attendance when they're not enrolling in that term 
)

Use cases (
  As a tutor...
    I can log in, seeing a dashboard that's specific to the role of a tutor
    I can see groups I'm assigned to in this term and the upcoming term
    I can see a list of sessions with dates for a given group
    I can reassign students to another group in the same program
    I can reassign students to a group with no tutor (but with a warning to confirm)
    I can assign unregistered students (students not enrolled in the program) to a group, so they are included in attendance reports
    I can mark attendance for unregistered/"attendee" students
    I can mark attendance for registered and unregistered students in a given session
    I can see student medical info when marking attendance
  
  As an admin...
    I can create groups (e.g. beginner, advanced) for a given program
    I can reassign students to another group in the same program
    I can assign one or more tutors to a group
    I can generate an attendance report for all students in a given year and term

  As a guardian...
    I can see unregistered programs which my students have attended
    out: I can pay the account balance for unregistered programs
    in: I can add an adjustment before upgrading my student from attendee to enrolled
)

Model MR (
  tutors (user role)
  a program has many groups
  a program.group has many tutors
  a prorgam.group has many student
  a prorgam.group has many session-dates
  program.group student and session-date .attended (bool)
)

Modal LC (
  Data model

    User

      A user can have the role of "tutor" (instead of guardian or admin)
  
    Group

      ProgramGroup (known as "levels" to the client?)

      A program has one or more groups
      A program has exactly one "main" group
      A group has many students
      A group has many sessions

    Group membership

      A membership tracks the link between a student and a group.

      A student who enrols in a program is initially a member of the main group
      A membership can be reassigned to a different group in the program
      A membership normally has strict requirements:
      The student must be enrolled in the program
      The student can only be a member of one group in a given program
      A membership can have "attendee" status, which removes the strict requirements:
      The student does not have to be enrolled
      The student can have "attendee" memberships in multiple groups in the same program
      In all cases, a student must belong to the same school as the program
      The "attendee" option essentially lets any student in the school be elligible for tracking attendance.

    Session

      (Probably GroupSession or ProgramSession, TBD)

      A session belongs to a group (which belongs to a program)
      A session has a date
      A session has many attendance records

    Attendance record

      An attendance record tracks a student's attendance (absent/present/null) for a given session
      A group has many attendance records
      A session has many attendance records
)

View (
  admin/tutors/new
  admin/tutors/edit
  admin/tutors/delete

  admin/program/group/new
  admin/program/group/edit
  admin/program/group/delete
  admin/program/group/tutors - shows a list of all tutors and user can bump one up into the assigned section

  admin/program/students - with a drop-down next to each student for group allocation
  
  tutor/dashboard
  tutor/groups
  tutor/groups/1 - can see sessions with dates (which is start date + (7 * session number)) and an option to move students
  tutor/groups/1/session/1 - can see students, medical info, school class/grade and mark the roll (checkbox) as a form that's submitted once. 
  tutor/groups/1/move-student - can move students
  tutor/groups/1/add-student - can add students

  admin/reports/attendance - showing registered and unregistered 

  admin/reports/program-groups-tutors - showing whether any groups have no tutors 

)

Controller (
  
)