quote: 55.. plus dates (big time sink with potential future issues if admins don't have enough flexibility).  Maybe it's 27.5
due: Mid-late Term 3 (say 17th August) .. could start in the first week of term 4
approved: no

Changes (
  PDF for Tutor's compliance ticket (add)
  Book programs (remove)
  3 main items (provision, see programs, see attendance)
  No dates
)

Questions (
  When a school books in a program, do you want an email or a view or an admin process? (Such as, programs which are unstaffed.  Does admin need to approve a booking?  Sorta depends on your resources. )
  Do you ever have a program on a public holiday?
)

Expectations (
  If we have a set session price for a school, do not require it on the program creation form. 
  Consider the design for a school with a bunch of campuses (rare but happens)
)

Scope (
  Admins can provision school offices (
    A school office has many users
    A school office user can provision and remove other school office users
    All campuses are seen by all school admins 
    Set session prices ? 
  )
  School offices can book programs and view attendance (
    Login
    See the last twelve months of programs
    Book in programs (or request programs) 
    See their group lists (through programs)
    Receive, via email, a registration form flyer (
      Redesign flyer for better compatibility - more margin
    )
    See a standard view of attendance for each program (
      Constraints (
        Based on session number, not dates. - Dates requires additional work, however we can tell you when the roll was updated if required. (
          How might we do dates? 
          We know... the weekday of the program, the start date which will be on the weekday, and we know the last date which will be on the weekday. 
          we _may_ know... the school-wide away days.  
          This could give us the ability to put dates on sessions.  
          Issues: I expect this will cause issues with certain updates (tutors/students may rely on point in time information).  
          Options:
            1- enforce a build order, 
            2- have a WIP state with warnings if admins are updating a published timetable.
          May also want a program-specific skip date.  
          What other problems is this going to cause?  
        )
        Updating the student's group membership does not affect their attendance status.  - marked present, moved group, stays marked present. 
        To account for group based attendance, include a note section with a line for each dateTime a student is moved from one group to another, during the term.
      )
      Design (
        One row per student
        One column per session
        One column for group membership with asterisk if group membership has changed during the term
        Asterisk note section containing mid-term group membership changes
      )
    )
  )
  Schools offices can make a list of their away days (
    school-wide (
      If school-wide (i.e. public holiday) and no programs have been setup
        do use this date to reduce the number of program sessions based on weekday count
    )
    grade-specific (
      If grade-specific and no students enrolled where student.grade = grade_in_question
        do a session adjustment on the student enrolment based on weekday count
    )
    enhancement: public (
      allow the tenant to set public holidays
    )
  )
)



Model (
  Day of the week gets bumped up the program creation UI - i.e. set by user with dates validated against it - check if this may already be the case and just reorder the form 
)

View ()

Controller ()